# edge

i am trapped in the 4 corners of this world.  i wondered what luxury was like.  any bit of it i would take...  so yeah, this does feel stupid my whole body is stiff.  i dont know i dont think i would have done this willingly.  and you broke quite a bit of laws around me.  some day i will see a better day i bet.  its only natural.  but the dopamine hit of conclusion...

so yeah its just like this i wonder what we were doing and to this day nothing i ever did made any sense.  i'm just tagging along for the ride bro. i dont know again...  i forgot about things.  lets just look at the day objectively.  you feel the pain of hate when you experience it.  day time is like whatever bro.  nah this isn't working out.

lol man living is hard bro.  i do this everyday to show you the urgency in my mind...  somethings like that.  i'm not so sure anymore.  my brain is tired.  feels like death or something around here.

so maybe in the real world i would not take this voluntary medication.  that whatever it produces, it produces from something i dont want it to.  i guess so my complaint was about how you get what you pay for when you drug me like this.  apparently what you wanted???  you ordered this i get paid or you die lol.  lol...  sorry that was just sharkey's world again...  you know when i release you from shit i try to get the next problem for you.  and its finding these prodigies.  maybe their world is too much shit or something dude.  maybe they all didin't come from north america lol.  i wonder dude.  that we set up this world i get no share of it.  until tasks are done and they are actually all done by now.  so we sit here basking in your ignorance and i'm totally bored.  whatever bored feels like anymore.  when the weed runs out we will have problems.  somethings like this.  i am currently only seeing with my vision that sometimes things dont' always work out.  maybe this could be one of those???  hmmmmmmmmmm???  is that what you wanted??  i feel like you are ignorant or something to a glaringly big hold of a  problem.  what i'm trying to say is hard to described but you know, we only have one brain cell in here.  same for me too.  so another problem i didin't know about and i think i am done parsing reality from your end.  you pay when this ends lol...  i have to ask, why the old geezer ness???

so things became unacceptable.  that is what i fear the most.  that i didnt get things my way which was the right way...  so things became what they were...  and i am brain fatigued...  i dont know bro.  sometimes people more methodical than this...  something i presume you reserve for retards???
